[ML] fix transform privilege requirements documentation (#85544)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/transform/setup.asciidoc

* `transform_admin` built-in role or `manage_transform` cluster privileges,
* `read` and `view_index_metadata` index privileges on source indices, and
* `create_index`, `index`, `manage`, and `read` index privileges on destination

> indices. If a `retention_policy` is configured, `delete` index privileges are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indices. If a `retention_policy` is configured, `delete` index privilege is
```

* data views for your source indices,
* `read` and `view_index_metadata` index privileges on source indices, and
* `create_index`, `index`, `manage`, and `read` index privileges on destination

> indices. Additionally, when using a `retention_policy`, `delete` index privileges is required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
indices. Additionally, when using a `retention_policy`, `delete` index privilege is required
```
